0. inspect the javascript file (the http server) and the dockerfile (the file which creates an image for the container). see how the python server listens on port `3000` and dockerfile `EXPOSE`s the port `3000` as well: this tells the container we wish to open the port `3000` for outside connection. 
1. build the image `docker build -t js-deploy:1` to create a docker image tagged as `js-deploy:1`. watch the output of the terminal and see the steps from the dockerfile run, and their results. at the end, you can see the images you have on your computer with `docker images`.
2. run the container `docker run -d -P js-deploy:1`. `-d` means the container is detached, meaning the container's output buffer will not empty into your shell. `-P` means publish all `EXPOSE`d ports to _random_ ports on the machine. `js-deploy:1` is the tag for the image you wish to run.
3. find the port `docker ps` will output `CONTAINER ID   IMAGE         COMMAND                  CREATED         STATUS         PORTS` to your console. find the entry labeled `js-deploy:1` and see what is listed as a port. at the time of writing this, my computer output the following: `43411942080b   js-deploy:1   "node /tmp/server…"   5 minutes ago   Up 5 minutes   0.0.0.0:32768->3000/tcp   busy_gauss` meaning that the docker deamon will direct `localhost:32768` or `0.0.0.0:32768` to the container named `busy_gauss`'s port 3000.
4. visit the server. go to your web browser of choice and navigate to the server's endpoint. at the time of writing this, i was able to navigate to `localhost:32768/` and receive the string "Hello, World!"
